flame should actually keep doing damage
over time
resistance ultra a shit
our potion of healing launched what I
want to use my thanks I'm and he's ad
should put my shield backup
it's almost it was like freaking insane
you do what you got to eat us about it
you know
does the steam is probably a chance to
get up behind him or something if you're
doing melee style combat of course I
might
say you might want to take up range for
that fight seems appropriate did not
exactly seem easy what we're Veniero's
cooler arrows atheist Centurion time oh
nice dwarven scrap metal grantsville
doom key to upland lift nice okay so now
of course we have to get rid of
something because I grab more sheet
let's see I'm still there okay so really
my weapon areas pretty much what I want
in there let's get rid of something ooh
look at those bad boys for at 357 value
because of the stat boost what's the
silver necklace doesn't weigh enough to
even be worth tossing these are the
boots i technically should be wearing
oops i just threw it away
oh no I just decrypt it okay sorry there
we go see now when you clip that you can
actually draw up like drop those since
they got these they actually have the
same are more value so until I can find
something better and just toss this
again we're going to use the right
button to toss this okay so big dwarven
machinery dude use air attacks i was
really hoping to use this gun so I'm a
little a little befuddled wide in Eric
because that would have been awesome to
use against that dude there's some my
arrows I shot at him the other one
luckily is broken or otherwise I would
have been a pain in the ass as an one of
those cores again my house on these are
insanely valuable my lover the rule is
ok we're going to save real quick
because once again I don't have to fight
that big bad guy again no i don't i'm
just running around checking the specs
I'm out of lock picks there was a chest
I actually missed down below over here
look at that Garland's 20
a cold petty soul gem
bring a minor smithing so up okay we are
out of here open
let's just get out of here have you
there been enough death cause he want me
to leave just waiting for me to turn my
back and have all the glory for yourself
never should have come here oh
hmm
and you thought I was just a pretty
Thanks hello really I just thought you
were doing the other guys
oh you're not gonna chill
Oh
hey
me too well I guess who's going to give
up but when bashing does three points of
li damage for five seconds oh now that
is a nice shield let's quickly change
out my shield so I can get wet a rid of
where's this new shield target uploaded
oh it actually does less as minus nine
armor however it does do the points of
lead which would be nice I just going to
tell us one of these one if they'll
bring is below that does what you get
payroll sort of two pair oh isn't he was
clearly an imperial you lack the item
required huh I missed the item or is it
just something that's
gonna be used later